1.
A Clockwork Orange - string
42                 - integer
09/02/1945         - string
98.7               - float
15.99              - float

2.
A database might be used when you are creating a platform where data needs to be managed,
in a particular way. Reasons for this may vary but an example could be that you are playing a
game online and the state of the game needs to be processed for multiple people. The server can
manipulate the database and create a live world that the changes reflect onto everyone's client.

A text file would be used when it a single user or a platform that is offline or in other words
changes don't need to be reflected onto multiple areas. What comes to mind is when you're playing
a game like Skyrim, since the game is offline and it only keeps track of what you're doing, you
could have a text file that saves the state of the game. Missions you have completed, loot you
are carrying, your level, etc.

3. SQL is a declarative language where as other languages are Procedural.

Declarative meaning you describe a result and that is received.
Where as procedural you need to describe an algorithm or process steps at various degrees.

4.
A database allows data to be stored and be used even after a program has terminated.

An example would be taking a picture and it is saved onto your phone.



5.
A database will consist of a table name. example - Movie theater

This table name will store the rows and columns of that table.

The columns will describe attributes of that table. examples - showtime, movie title, 3d or not.

The rows will answer the attributes of provide data/ values. examples - 3:00pm, traveling salesman, false.

6. Integers, floats, strings.

7. What is the date and amount for payments.

   What is the amount for payments less than 500.

   What are all the payments where payee is Mega Foods.

8.

SELECT userid, signup
FROM users
WHERE name = DeAndre Data

SELECT userid
FROM users
WHERE email = aleesia.algorithm@uw.edu

SELECT *
FROM users
WHERE userid = 4
